Sister Huang, you are finally back.
I have suffered abroad all these years
Farmers can actually talk to holy merchants
What identity is it?
There's nothing wrong with a man
Feed the Emperor of Great Xia
What time is it now?
Your Great Xia Muse
Why hasn't it appeared yet?
Yeah, I'm not this handsome and gorgeous woman
It's the fake news you put out.
And the real handsome woman
Has long since disappeared on the battlefield
Hahaha
There is still half an hour before the banquet starts
I'm not as excited as you are
Can't make it
Go back to your country now
Then you and I represent the Emperor
If I leave
How can you Daxia receive us?
What about the congratulatory gift for the handsome woman?
How dare you at the Marshal's Return Banquet
In front of my Empress Dowager Daxia
How hard is it to have this in mind?
These congratulatory gifts are plaques carefully selected by our three countries
The dragon dies
Don't you like Sue understand?
It is said that your Great Xia is a country of etiquette
We have delivered all the congratulatory gifts.
You don't want to take it
It seems that you are nothing more than that
Here you are